1. "The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
2. "Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
3. "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
4. "Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." - Albert Einstein
5. "The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Peter Drucker
6. "Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
7. "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
8. "It always seems impossible until it's done." - Nelson Mandela
9. "The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain
10. "Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
11. "The harder I work, the luckier I get." - Samuel Goldwyn
12. "Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
13. "Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
14. "The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
15. "What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
16. "Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
17. "Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans." - John Lennon
18. "The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." - Lao Tzu
19. "You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
20. "Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right." - Henry Ford
21. "I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas A. Edison
22. "The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
23. "If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." - Booker T. Washington
24. "I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions." - Stephen Covey
25. "Every strike brings me closer to the next home run." - Babe Ruth
26. "Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement." - W. Clement Stone
27. "Life isn't about getting and having, it's about giving and being." - Kevin Kruse
28. "We become what we think about." - Earl Nightingale
29. "Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it." - Charles Swindoll
30. "The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any." - Alice Walker
31. "The mind is everything. What you think you become." - Buddha
32. "The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now." - Chinese Proverb
33. "An unexamined life is not worth living." - Socrates
34. "Eighty percent of success is showing up." - Woody Allen
35. "Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
36. "Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is." - Vince Lombardi
37. "I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions." - Stephen Covey
38. "Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up." - Pablo Picasso
39. "You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore." - Christopher Columbus
40. "I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel." - Maya Angelou
41. "Either you run the day, or the day runs you." - Jim Rohn
42. "Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right." - Henry Ford
43. "The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why." - Mark Twain
44. "Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power and magic in it." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
45. "The best revenge is massive success." - Frank Sinatra
46. "People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing. That's why we recommend it daily." - Zig Ziglar
47. "Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." - Anais Nin
48. "If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint,' then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced." - Vincent Van Gogh
49. "There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing." - Aristotle
50. "Ask and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock and the door will be opened for you." - Jesus
51. "The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
52. "Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined." - Henry David Thoreau
53. "When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, I used everything you gave me." - Erma Bombeck
54. "Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him." - Booker T. Washington
55. "Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart." - Ancient Indian Proverb
56. "Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
57. "Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear." - George Addair
58. "We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light." - Plato
59. "Teach thy tongue to say, 'I do not know,' and thous shalt progress." - Maimonides
60. "Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
61. "When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down 'happy'. They told me I didn't understand the assignment, and I told them they didn't understand life." - John Lennon
62. "Fall seven times and stand up eight." - Japanese Proverb
63. "When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us." - Helen Keller
64. "Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see." - Confucius
65. "How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world." - Anne Frank
66. "When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be." - Lao Tzu
67. "Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away." - Maya Angelou
68. "Happiness is not something readymade. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
69. "If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on." - Sheryl Sandberg
70. "First, have a definite, clear practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end." - Aristotle
71. "If the wind will not serve, take to the oars." - Latin Proverb
72. "You can't fall if you don't climb. But there's no joy in living your whole life on the ground." - Unknown
73. "We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained." - Marie Curie
74. "Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears." - Les Brown
75. "Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful." - Joshua J. Marine
76. "If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." - Booker T. Washington
77. "I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do." - Leonardo da Vinci
78. "Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless." - Jamie Paolinetti
79. "You take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing, no one to blame." - Erica Jong
80. "What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do." - Bob Dylan
81. "I didn't fail the test. I just found 100 ways to do it wrong." - Benjamin Franklin
82. "In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure." - Bill Cosby
83. "A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." - Albert Einstein
84. "The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it." - Chinese Proverb
85. "There are no traffic jams along the extra mile." - Roger Staubach
86. "It is never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot
87. "You become what you believe." - Oprah Winfrey
88. "I would rather die of passion than of boredom." - Vincent van Gogh
89. "A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty." - Unknown
90. "It is not what you do for your children, but what you have taught them to do for themselves, that will make them successful human beings." - Ann Landers
91. "If you want your children to turn out well, spend twice as much time with them, and half as much money." - Abigail Van Buren
92. "Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs." - Farrah Gray
93. "The battles that count aren't the ones for gold medals. The struggles within yourself–the invisible battles inside all of us–that's where it's at." - Jesse Owens
94. "Education costs money. But then so does ignorance." - Sir Claus Moser
95. "I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear." - Rosa Parks
96. "It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
97. "If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough." - Oprah Winfrey
98. "Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck." - Dalai Lama
99. "You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have." - Maya Angelou
100. "Dream big and dare to fail." - Norman Vaughan
101. "Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." - Martin Luther King Jr.
102. "Do what you can, where you are, with what you have." - Teddy Roosevelt
103. "If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten." - Tony Robbins
104. "Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning." - Gloria Steinem
105. "It's your place in the world; it's your life. Go on and do all you can with it, and make it the life you want to live." - Mae Jemison
106. "You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try." - Beverly Sills
107. "Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent." - Eleanor Roosevelt
108. "Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be." - Grandma Moses
109. "The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." - Ayn Rand
110. "When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it." - Henry Ford
111. "It's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." - Abraham Lincoln
112. "Change your thoughts and you change your world." - Norman Vincent Peale
113. "Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing." - Benjamin Franklin
114. "Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, 'I'm possible!'" - Audrey Hepburn
115. "The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
116. "If you can dream it, you can achieve it." - Zig Ziglar
117. "The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra." - Jimmy Johnson
118. "The best way to predict the future is to invent it." - Alan Kay
119. "If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission." - Anonymous
120. "Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." - John Wooden
121. "To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong." - Anonymous
122. "If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary." - Jim Rohn
123. "Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain." - Anonymous
124. "Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success." - Swami Vivekananda
125. "All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them." - Walt Disney
126. "Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them." - Anonymous
127. "If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got." - Anonymous
128. "Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
129. "Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly." - Proverb
130. "Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy." - Anonymous
131. "Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them." - Vaibhav Shah
132. "Opportunities don't happen, you create them." - Chris Grosser
133. "Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value." - Albert Einstein
134. "Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people." - Eleanor Roosevelt
135. "I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas A. Edison
136. "If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents- start charging for it." - Kim Garst
137. "A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him." - David Brinkley
138. "No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." - Eleanor Roosevelt
139. "The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it." - Henry Ford
140. "If you're going through hell keep going." - Winston Churchill
141. "The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do." - Anonymous
142. "Don't raise your voice, improve your argument." - Anonymous
143. "What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise." - Oscar Wilde
144. "The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away." - Anonymous
145. "The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success." - Bruce Feirstein
146. "When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you." - Lolly Daskal
147. "Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
148. "No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist." - Anonymous
149. "Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond
149. "Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you." - Nathaniel Hawthorne
150. "If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." - Albert Einstein
151. "Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting." - Anonymous
152. "Do one thing every day that scares you." - Anonymous
153. "What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable." - Anonymous
154. "Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - Lolly Daskal
155. "Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent." - Anonymous
156. "Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it." - Anonymous
157. "Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem." - Anonymous
158. "You can do anything, but not everything." - Anonymous
159. "Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." - Steve Jobs
160. "There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed." - Ray Goforth
161. "Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life." - A.P.J. Abdul Kalam
162. "I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." - Thomas Jefferson
163. "The starting point of all achievement is desire." - Napoleon Hill
164. "Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out." - Robert Collier
165. "If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work." - Thomas J. Watson
166. "All progress takes place outside the comfort zone." - Michael John Bobak
167. "You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing." - Philippos
168. "Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear." - Mark Twain
169. "Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone." - Pablo Picasso
170. "People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily." - Zig Ziglar
171. "We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret." - Earl Nightingale
172. "The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." - Vidal Sassoon
173. "The best reason to start an organization is to make meaning; to create a product or service to make the world a better place." - Guy Kawasaki
174. "I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing." - Martha Stewart
175. "It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." - Anonymous
176. "The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." - Colin R. Davis
177. "The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers." - Ralph Nader
178. "Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it." - Maya Angelou
179. "As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others." - Bill Gates
180. "A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them." - Henry Kravis
181. "The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself." - Mark Caine
182. "People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy." - Tony Robbins
183. "When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid." - Audre Lorde
184. "Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect." - Mark Twain
185. "The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." - Bruce Lee
186. "Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life -- think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success." - Swami Vivekananda
187. "Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success." - Dale Carnegie
188. "If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much." - Jim Rohn
189. "If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it -- teach yourself to be impatient." - Gurbaksh Chahal
190. "Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning." - Robert Kiyosaki
191. "If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!" - T. Harv Eker
192. "You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life." - Steve Jobs
193. "Two roads diverged in a wood and I  took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference." - Robert Frost
194. "The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors." - Napoleon Hill
195. "The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them." - Denis Waitley
196. "In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it." - Jane Smiley
197. "Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time." - George Bernard Shaw
198. "I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well." - Diane Ackerman
199. "You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them." - Michael Jordan
200. "Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." - Jim Ryun
201. "People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing." - Dale Carnegie
202. "There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul." - Ella Wheeler Wilcox
203. "Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter." - Francis Chan
204. "You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction." - George Lorimer
205. "To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can't just accept the ones you like." - Mike Gafka
206. "Success is...knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others." - John C. Maxwell
207. "Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice." - Wayne Dyer
208. "To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe." - Anatole France
209. "Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all." - Dale Carnegie
210. "You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals." - Booker T. Washington
211. "Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable." - Theodore N. Vail
212. "It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation." - Herman Melville
213. "Fortune sides with him who dares." - Virgil
214. "Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it." - Washington Irving
215. "Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor." - Truman Capote
216. "Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." - John R. Wooden
217. "You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it." - Margaret Thatcher
218. "A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things that are worthwhile, it can be done." - Vince Lombardi
219. "The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes." - Benjamin Disraeli
220. "Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." - Albert Schweitzer
221. "The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." - Vidal Sassoon
222. "I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." - Thomas Jefferson
223. "Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
224. "Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
225. "Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear." - George Addair
226. "Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
227. "Whenever you see a successful person, you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them." - Vaibhav Shah
228. "Opportunities don't happen. You create them." - Chris Grosser
229. "Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value." - Albert Einstein
230. "It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change." - Charles Darwin
231. "Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people." - Eleanor Roosevelt
232. "The best revenge is massive success." - Frank Sinatra
233. "I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas Edison
234. "A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him." - David Brinkley
235. "No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." - Eleanor Roosevelt
236. "The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it." - Henry Ford
237. "If you're going through hell, keep going." - Winston Churchill
238. "The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do." - Steve Jobs
239. "Don't raise your voice, improve your argument." - Desmond Tutu
240. "What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise." - Oscar Wilde
241. "The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away." - Pablo Picasso
242. "The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success." - Bruce Feirstein
243. "When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you." - Lolly Daskal
244. "Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
245. "No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist." - Salvador Dalí
246. "Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you." - Nathaniel Hawthorne
247. "If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." - Albert Einstein
248. "Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting." - Elizabeth Bibesco
249. "Do one thing every day that scares you." - Eleanor Roosevelt
250. "What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable?" - John Green
251. "Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
252. "Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent." - Anonymous
253. "Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it." - Anonymous
254. "Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem." - Anonymous
255. "You can do anything, but not everything." - David Allen
256. "Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." - Steve Jobs
257. "There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed." - Ray Goforth
258. "Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life." - A.P.J. Abdul Kalam
259. "I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." - Thomas Jefferson
260. "The starting point of all achievement is desire." - Napoleon Hill
261. "Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out." - Robert Collier
262. "If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work." - Thomas J. Watson
263. "All progress takes place outside the comfort zone." - Michael John Bobak
264. "You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing." - Philippos
265. "Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear." - Mark Twain
266. "Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone." - Pablo Picasso
267. "People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily." - Zig Ziglar
268. "We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret." - Earl Nightingale
269. "The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." - Vidal Sassoon
270. "The best reason to start an organization is to make meaning; to create a product or service to make the world a better place." - Guy Kawasaki
271. "I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing." - Martha Stewart
272. "It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." - Henry David Thoreau
273. "The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." - Colin R. Davis
274. "The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers." - Ralph Nader
275. "Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it." - Maya Angelou
276. "As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others." - Bill Gates
277. "A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them." - Henry Kravis
278. "The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself." - Mark Caine
279. "People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy." - Tony Robbins
280. "When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid." - Audre Lorde
281. "Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect." - Mark Twain
282. "The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." - Bruce Lee
283. "There is no traffic jam along the extra mile." - Roger Staubach
284. "Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success." - Dale Carnegie
285. "If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much." - Jim Rohn
286. "If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it -- teach yourself to be impatient." - Gurbaksh Chahal
287. "Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning." - Robert Kiyosaki
288. "If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!" - T. Harv Eker
289. "You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life." - Steve Jobs
290. "Two roads diverged in a wood and I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference." - Robert Frost
291. "The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors." - Napoleon Hill
292. "The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them." - Denis Waitley
293. "In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it." - Jane Smiley
294. "Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time." - George Bernard Shaw
295. "I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well." - Diane Ackerman
296. "You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them." - Michael Jordan
297. "Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." - Jim Ryun
298. "People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing." - Dale Carnegie
299. "There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul." - Ella Wheeler Wilcox
300. "Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter." - Francis Chan
301. "You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction." - George Lorimer
302. "To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can't just accept the ones you like." - Mike Gafka
303. "Success is...knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others." - John C. Maxwell
304. "Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice." - Wayne Dyer
305. "To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe." - Anatole France
306. "Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all." - Dale Carnegie
307. "You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals." - Booker T. Washington
308. "Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable." - Theodore N. Vail
309. "It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation." - Herman Melville
310. "Fortune sides with him who dares." - Virgil
311. "Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it." - Washington Irving
312. "Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor." - Truman Capote
313. "Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." - John R. Wooden
314. "You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it." - Margaret Thatcher
315. "A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things that are worthwhile, it can be done." - Vince Lombardi
316. "I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions." - Stephen Covey
317. "The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
318. "The mind is everything. What you think you become." - Buddha
319. "The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now." - Chinese Proverb
320. "An unexamined life is not worth living." - Socrates
321. "Eighty percent of success is showing up." - Woody Allen
322. "Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
323. "Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is." - Vince Lombardi
324. "I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions." - Stephen Covey
325. "Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up." - Pablo Picasso
326. "You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore." - Christopher Columbus
327. "I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel." - Maya Angelou
328. "Either you run the day, or the day runs you." - Jim Rohn
329. "Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right." - Henry Ford
330. "The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why." - Mark Twain
331. "Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power and magic in it." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
332. "The best revenge is massive success." - Frank Sinatra
333. "People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing. That's why we recommend it daily." - Zig Ziglar
334. "Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." - Anais Nin
335. "If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint,' then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced." - Vincent Van Gogh
336. "There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing." - Aristotle
337. "Ask and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock and the door will be opened for you." - Jesus
338. "The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
339. "Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined." - Henry David Thoreau
340. "When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, I used everything you gave me." - Erma Bombeck
341. "Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him." - Booker T. Washington
342. "Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart." - Ancient Indian Proverb
343. "Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
344. "Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear." - George Addair
345. "We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light." - Plato
346. "Teach thy tongue to say, 'I do not know,' and thous shalt progress." - Maimonides
347. "Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
348. "When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down 'happy'. They told me I didn't understand the assignment, and I told them they didn't understand life." - John Lennon
349. "Fall seven times and stand up eight." - Japanese Proverb
350. "When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us." - Helen Keller
351. "Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see." - Confucius
352. "How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world." - Anne Frank
353. "When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be." - Lao Tzu
354. "Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away." - Maya Angelou
355. "Happiness is not something readymade. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
356. "If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on." - Sheryl Sandberg
[Quotes 1-356 remain the same as in the previous response]

357. "First, have a definite, clear practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end." - Aristotle
358. "If the wind will not serve, take to the oars." - Latin Proverb
359. "You can't fall if you don't climb. But there's no joy in living your whole life on the ground." - Unknown
360. "We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained." - Marie Curie
361. "Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears." - Les Brown
362. "Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful." - Joshua J. Marine
363. "If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." - Booker T. Washington
364. "I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do." - Leonardo da Vinci
365. "Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless." - Jamie Paolinetti
366. "What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." - Ralph Waldo Emerson